Hmm, headache.
Then you can rest on my shoulder for a while
Yeah, who are you?
Don't know me so soon
I'm Chen Xunan.
Chen Xunan
OK
You are not
Chen Xunan is not as gentle as you
Pardon me?
The first Chen Xun male is self-righteous
Second, Chen Xun is domineering and unreasonable
Third, Chen Xunnan is a narcissist
He's not in good shape at all
And? And?
So where did I get to?
fourth fourth
Chen Xun's mouth stinks
The speech doesn't sound good at all
Too many shortcomings
I can't even count.
What about the advantages?
Didn't say so
You hate him
Muzhizhi Hmm
I really don't have what you said.
nowhere
Here it is.
Ah, family, my room.
Ah, what's going on?
I went to the bar.
And then...
Could it be that I was given by that bar?